Statement of Purpose (#24)
asg017/os-club-constitution: CONSTITUTION.md

NOTE: A registered campus/student organization shall not use the name of the University of California or abbreviations thereof as part of its name except in accordance with the campus regulations. The geographical designation “at UCSD” may be used by any campus/student organization as part of its name without obtaining special approval. The full name of the organization should be used throughout this document.
```

## Article II. Statement of Purpose

> The mission of [Name of the organization] is to build an inclusive open source community at UC San Diego.

Author: ```suggestion
The mission of Open Source @ UCSD is to build an inclusive open source community at UC San Diego.
```
